Cpp: ~150 applications and versions; 
Cpp: ~30 multi-purpose libraries 
Python: 12 applications and libraries
Css: 16 applications and libraries
Js: 9 applications and libraries
Js Scripts (can be applied to a page): 10 applications and libraries
Full Websites: 10 applications
Total ~240 applications, applications versions & libraries using standard 
libraries only
===
CODE GENERATION
1. CPP: Server - databases with tables that can have connections
2. CPP: choices 1 - makes a choice-based application in CPP
3. CPP: sure - makes tests for given function
4. PY: choices: makes a choice-based application in Python
5. PY: class: makes a class
CONVERSION FOR OPTIMIZATION
6. CPP: Css Atribs - converts classes, attributes and attribute values amongst 
each other
7. CPP: lng – translator for any user-made language to cpp
8. CPP: html website - make website by typing in the terminal (webste generator)
9. CPP: site maker linux - make a website by typing paragraphs in a text file
10. CPP: LIB: convert - convert between multiple data-types
11. JS: Ofile: - shows what you might want to see when you inspect the html 
object, on hover
12. JS: Script: - converts "title" attributes to an elegant text that glides into 
the page
13. Js Script: Cnvrt: - converts html page to json, and json page to html
NLP
14. CPP: compare files - checks for plagiated text
15. CPP: parts - use parts of speech to make sentences
16. CPP: phrase common - eliminates phrases that have mostly common words ( 
that do not mean much)
17. CPP: remove - able to determine the most used specific words of a file and 
merge datasets to get tags
18. CPP: theme - identify text theme
19. CPP: LIB: remove: remove common words of a text to extract the meaning
LINUX-System 
20. CPP: file browser - linux term
21. CPP: LIB: lnux - linux commands for cpp
22. PY: sql database terminal client
DATA-TYPE
1. CPP: LIB: multi - oop that is able to stor any type of variables in a 
string
2. CPP: LIB: string_ints - perform mathematical operations on numbers stored 
in strings
FILE-SIZE OPTIMIZATION
1. CPP: chars - encodes common words of a text to uncommon characters
2. CPP: chars file - able to convert text using its most common words
3. CSS: LIB: Atibs - css library that uses classes ( used for setting css 
properties through classes)
4. CSS: LIB: Atr - css library that uses empty attributes ( used for setting 
css properties through attributes)
5. CSS: LIB: Style_Css - css library for styling the default html tags ( 
adding any form of css is not necessary)
6. CSS: Sotrab - make custom html tags correlated to css styling
7. Js Script: Encp: - determine how the encapsulation deg affects the page 
load time / ... – Used to study difference between optimized and un?optimized web page
8. Js Script: Lngth: - aims to only leave main page text, by determining the 
maximum text length
9. JS: Scrpts: - make your own html tags by using css classes
 - provided custom tags:
 - prlx - parallax that you can set a picture to 
 - persp - modify the css perspective
 - cn - center vertically / horizontally
 - dpdn - dropdown
 - script with attribute visible - shows js code
 - dism - dismissable notification
 - leave - before you leave notification
 - collapse - styled description / summary
FRONT-END WEBsite
1. CSS: LIB: Fra - css library ( used for putting togetther a wbsite: has 
navs, about div ...)
2. CSS: LIB: Sle - css library ( used for putting togetther a wbsite: 
notifications, dismissable greeting text ...)
3. CSS: Website template - website template
4. JS: Codehost: - keeps your frontend code, copies to clipboard on click
5. Js Script: Attr: - able to get any, even if they do not have id, class or 
unique attributes
6. Js Script: Db: - database for frontend js ( not editable, just shown) -
could make to use loclstrge for db too
7. JS: LIB: Scripts: - js library for:
- Childrn (all /dirct, before/after a certain child), siblings, parnts, 
- Adding a style / script file though js
- Trim paragraphs to only show full text on hover
- Style form: radio, checkbox, slider (show value), select, pwd field ( 
toggle visibility), 
- Get / Has / Set / Remove attribute
- Functions for inner text, slicing text, get tag name, timer, inserting 
html (before / after), has / add / remove / toggle class, make new, getting 
screen height / width, search for string, uppercase / lowercase, add / has / 
remove / sort / reverse array, 
Persons Node: add / remove / edit persons
procrs: complex team task allocation system:
- admin / user / client
- uses progress lines to indicate advancement
- the client can view the progress and who is doing what on their 
application / ...
Mailchimp: using Mailchimp example
sql_imdex_multiple: database web client for multiple databases.
23. CPP: verify - verifies for ; and says where the error lies
24. CPP: file type - paragraph and title file format that can be used to make 
wbsite (with "site maker linux")
